I welcome back my students.
So I came back to add some more content to the course.
Now we're going to be adding a couple more of features and a couple more different functionalities in
this course.
One of the first things that I want to do is starting with this section here is to add a better e-mail
service basically.
So e-mail functionality that is actually going to deliver the e-mail every iching every time you know
somebody registers in your application.
We want to make sure that our e-mail gets there natively we are using the mail functions not that's
not very reliable.
Let me show you the functionality here we have if we look for the functions and e-mail you know that
we are using this function to return to malfunction from BHB the native one.
Right.
It's what we're doing here.
Oh and by the way I'm using a different editor.
I hope you don't mind.
You just keep using the same editor I'm using BHB storm here just because this application is getting
bigger by the moment and sometimes it is better to have an ID when your application is getting bigger.
We started this course when application was really small and little by little it just getting a little
bigger.
So I'm using an idea I hope your mind can still use sublime and still find brackets whatever you want.
But anyway so let's start thinking why we are going to be using as a male function idea for course.
And I'm thinking we've got a use and I want to use a male BHB mailer.
Now if you look up HP mailer some of you probably are already very familiar with it.
It's a library.
OK is the library for sending email.
The classic one the most popular one for BHB.
OK as you can see here now this is going to be downloading this in a different way.
You can come here to the game page and you can of course download the zip OK and you can come back here
and you can go ahead and do it this way.
OK.
Now you're going to have different classes here that we are going to be including our project to make
this work.
This is the Meilleur class right here and it's a couple of examples here on how to use it.
OK.
As you can see has an index page there.
And you're welcome to click on that and read some more code examples here.
OK what I'm what I'm going to be doing here in this course is we're going to be using composer and this
is it's about time that I show you about composer composer is a dependency manager for BHB is a program
that we are going to be installing in our computer in this case he could be a server to install BHB
the Penzeys.
OK.
Now it's very straightforward.
You go ahead and click on down or when you go to their page and if you have a Mac you follow this instruction
of our window we show you the instructions for Windows machine or whatever operating system you're using.
And this bunch you get a communication.
If you have any issues installing composer which you shouldn't.
But if you do I have a pretty good course.
I believe in my web site coding faculty that come in it's a free course you can register and learn.
Click and free courses and click on BHB advanced tools and roll and that will show you how to install
things would compose or how to use it in your project.
OK.
So let's get going real quick and the next lecture I'm also going to be using ma'am.
And you know you it doesn't matter if you sample map as long as BHP is working.